Remove duplicate hostname attribute (#838)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/resource/semantic_conventions/host.md

| Attribute  | Description  | Example  |
|---|---|---|
| host.id | Unique host id.<br/> For Cloud this must be the instance_id assigned by the cloud provider | `opentelemetry-test` |

> | host.name | Name of the host.<br/> It may contain what `hostname` returns on Unix systems, the fully qualified, or a name specified by the user. | `opentelemetry-test` |

Reviewer: This definition might allow the interpretation that this only applies to Unix systems. What about:

```suggestion
| host.name | Name of the host.<br/>On Unix systems, it may contain what the `hostname` command returns, or the fully qualified hostname, or another name specified by the user. | `opentelemetry-test` |
```

We could also specify a list of recommended sources like @anuraaga mentioned in #787.
The examples could also be improved since now it's just the same as `host.id`.

Reviewer 2: Hey @arminru Think this could be done in a follow up? Or think it's required as part of this PR?

Reviewer: It should be fine to apply the suggestion right away but for the rest a follow-up would work too of course.
